README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Trần Thị Thanh Phương</h1>
<h3 align="center">3rd-year Information Technology Student at Danang University of Science and Technology</h3>

---

##  About Me
-  I’m currently a **3rd-year IT student** at DUT (University of Science and Technology – The University of Danang)  
-  Passionate about **software engineering, web technologies, and exploring IoT**  
-  Constantly learning and improving my coding & problem-solving skills  
-  Looking for opportunities to join **internship programs** and gain real-world experience  

---

##  Interactive Tech Stack Showcase  

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <th>Databases</th>
    <th>Cloud & DevOps</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java" height="40" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=express" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres" height="40" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=githubactions" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws" height="40" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

##  Contact Me
-  Email: **phuong0968804740@gmail.com**  
-  LinkedIn: [Thanh Phương Trần Thị](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thanh-ph%C6%B0%C6%A1ng-tr%E1%BA%A7n-th%E1%BB%8B-7a6741370)  
-  GitHub: [phunolg](https://github.com/phunolg)  

---
 From [phunolg](https://github.com/phunolg)

Commit message:

Revise README.md personal introduction section
Updated personal introduction and removed redundant information.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Trần Thị Thanh Phương</h1>
<h3 align="center">
3rd-year IT student at Danang University of Science and Technology, eager to sharpen programming skills and apply knowledge to real-world projects. Open to learning, challenges, and new technologies to grow as a developer.
</h3>

---

##  Interactive Tech Stack Showcase  

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    <th>Frameworks</th>
    <th>Databases</th>
    <th>Cloud & DevOps</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java" height="40" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=express" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres" height="40" />
    </td>
    <td align="center">
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=githubactions" height="40" />
      <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws" height="40" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

##  Contact Me
-  Email: **phuong0968804740@gmail.com**  
-  LinkedIn: [Thanh Phương Trần Thị](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thanh-ph%C6%B0%C6%A1ng-tr%E1%BA%A7n-th%E1%BB%8B-7a6741370)  
-  GitHub: [phunolg](https://github.com/phunolg)
